README.md, before:

# Psych Modpack
This is a Psych Engine modpack containing over 25+ mods (190 songs), lots of customization including modifier/options menu in-game, an stylized gameplay HUD, a results screen, etc. 

CREDITS:
- [PE Deluxe UI Design Inspiration + Song Name Toast Code](https://github.com/FridayNightGachaTrap/Psych-Engine-Deluxe)
- [Side Info Script](https://github.com/ShadowMario/FNF-PsychEngine/discussions/3670)
- [Code i based on for the Options Menu](https://github.com/ShadowMario/FNF-PsychEngine/discussions/2385)
- [Code i based on for the Results Screen](https://github.com/ShadowMario/FNF-PsychEngine/discussions/2412)
- [Moving Arrows](https://github.com/ShadowMario/FNF-PsychEngine/discussions/893)
- [Kade Engine Rating System](https://github.com/ShadowMario/FNF-PsychEngine/discussions/4411)

# SCREENSHOTS
## Title
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153263123-cd5966d4-5d92-4e02-9c7a-1e05bf5c1b80.png)

## Menu
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153263174-2140ebd2-8ed7-410b-a86c-cdda4c64747f.png)

## NEW SETTINGS MENU LET'S GOOO
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/156418914-8f8e0aad-c4b9-4ee6-afb2-5363caf86aa6.png)


## Freeplay Menu
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153263944-a5dbf9ec-c327-4508-a34a-1bd1bca3a937.png)

## In-Game (Inspired from [PE Deluxe](https://github.com/FridayNightGachaTrap/Psych-Engine-Deluxe))
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153264063-45d3ca32-a278-4052-b19e-cdcdd258eea6.png)

## Built-In Mechanics
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153264185-34d8995b-ccc4-44b6-910a-4c833612e17f.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153264603-5d87feb3-c6c4-4ad1-b9c2-c7e4fdf85c44.png)

## Results Screen 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153266008-28e0960b-ffc1-49ca-9376-0762ffcb897b.png)

## Options Menu In-Game
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153266693-86cb45ab-44cb-483d-9b16-e69f6d091aa3.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153276075-d88f2071-1e89-4572-8abd-b5aab5a051af.png)



# FULL SONG LIST (V11)
#VS WHITTY DEFINITIVE EDITION
- Lo Fight
- Overhead
- Ballistic
- Underground
- Low Rise
- Hungry
- Faucet
# Shaggy Mod (4k Only)
- Eruption
- Kaio Ken
- Blast
- Super Saiyan
- God Eater
- Thunderstorm
- Dissasembler
- Astral Calamity
# Madness Combat Mods
- Accelerant
- Hank Expurgation
- Improbable Outset
- Madness
- Hellclown
- Expurgation
# Zardy Foolhardy
- Foolhardy
- Bushwack
# VS CHEEKY
- Bad Egroll
- Bad Omen
- Bedrock
- Cornucopia
- Cuisine
- Devils Jello
- Fnaf Shuffle
- Hard 2 Break
- Rivals
- Rocky Beats
- Salami Teachings
- Toughstone
# VS IMPOSTOR
- Sussus Togus
- Lights Down
- Reactor
- Ejected
- Sussy Bussy
- Chewmate
- Defeat
# WII DELETED YOU
- Dream Of Pace
- Diagraphephobia
- Post Mortal
- Plaything
- System Failure
# COSMO CALAMITY
- Bad Gateway
- Not Found
- Service Unavailable
# MATT WIIK1 WIIK2
- Light it up
- Ruckus
- Target Practice
- Sporting
- Boxing Match
# HYPNO'S LULLABY
- Left Unchecked
- Monochrome
- Missingno
# GOLD FULL WEEK
- Dead
- Perish
- Slasher
# SUICIDE MOUSE
- Unhappy
- Happy
- Really Happy
- Smile
# VS RETROSPECTER PART 1
- Satisfracture
- Spectral
- Ecsospasm
- Retro
- Fuzzy Feeling
# VS BERZERK
- Vexed
- Devoid
- Berserk
- Error
# SONIC EXE ROUND 2
- Too Slow
- You Cant Run
- Triple Trouble
- Cycles
- Endless
- Sunshine
- Chaos
- Faker
- Black Sun
- Milk
- too fest
# VS CASSETE GIRL
- Ukiyo
- Earworm
- Machina
- City Funk
- Soda Groove
# MADNESS VANDALIZATION
- Vandalize
- Kaboom
- Mag Four
# VS NYAN CAT
- Nyan
- Nyanstep
# ENTITY
- Shotgun Shell
- Parasite
- Godrays
- Promenade
# ANTIPATHY HANK DEMO
- Battered
- Overdrive
# MIKU MOD V2
- Aishite
- Chug
- Dissapearance
- Endless (Miku)
- Endurance
- Infinite
- Loid
- PoPiPo
- Siu
- Voca
# INDIE CROSS
- Snake Eyes
- Sansational
- Last Reel
# VS PSYCHIC
- Psychic
- Wilter
- Uproar
# PLANTS VS RAPPERS
- Bloom n Brainz
- Bad Bash
# BOB ONSLAUGHT
- Ron
- Trouble
- Onslaught
# VS QT
- Censory Overload
- Termination
# HEART ATTACK RAMPAGE
- Tug O War
# Hex Mod Weekend Update
- Glithcer
- Glitcher Remix
- Cooling
- Detected
# TAILS GETS TROLLED
- Talentless Fox
- No Villains
# VS AFLAC
- Loaf
- Blazeborn
- The End
# VS SKY
- Wife Forever
- SKy
- Manifest
# FNF ONLINE CHALLENGES
- Accelerant
- Unloaded
- Challengedd
# FNF ONLINE CHALLENGES (Hard, Fucked)
- Accelerant
- Unloaded
- Challengedd 
# VS TABI
- My Battle
- Last Chance
- Genocide

Commit message:

added a screenshot for 1.2 in-game ui

README.md, after:

# Psych Modpack
This is a Psych Engine modpack containing over 25+ mods (190 songs), lots of customization including modifier/options menu in-game, an stylized gameplay HUD, a results screen, etc. 

CREDITS:
- [PE Deluxe UI Design Inspiration + Song Name Toast Code](https://github.com/FridayNightGachaTrap/Psych-Engine-Deluxe)
- [Side Info Script](https://github.com/ShadowMario/FNF-PsychEngine/discussions/3670)
- [Code i based on for the Options Menu](https://github.com/ShadowMario/FNF-PsychEngine/discussions/2385)
- [Code i based on for the Results Screen](https://github.com/ShadowMario/FNF-PsychEngine/discussions/2412)
- [Moving Arrows](https://github.com/ShadowMario/FNF-PsychEngine/discussions/893)
- [Kade Engine Rating System](https://github.com/ShadowMario/FNF-PsychEngine/discussions/4411)

# SCREENSHOTS
## Title
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153263123-cd5966d4-5d92-4e02-9c7a-1e05bf5c1b80.png)

## Menu
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153263174-2140ebd2-8ed7-410b-a86c-cdda4c64747f.png)

## NEW SETTINGS MENU LET'S GOOO
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/156418914-8f8e0aad-c4b9-4ee6-afb2-5363caf86aa6.png)


## Freeplay Menu
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153263944-a5dbf9ec-c327-4508-a34a-1bd1bca3a937.png)

## In-Game (Inspired from [PE Deluxe](https://github.com/FridayNightGachaTrap/Psych-Engine-Deluxe))
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153264063-45d3ca32-a278-4052-b19e-cdcdd258eea6.png)

## New In-Game
###### More vanilla friendly and because old ui is obsolete :(
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/156419194-4836bf40-7c3f-4465-8a0b-c225be55e934.png)


## Built-In Mechanics
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153264185-34d8995b-ccc4-44b6-910a-4c833612e17f.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153264603-5d87feb3-c6c4-4ad1-b9c2-c7e4fdf85c44.png)

## Results Screen 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153266008-28e0960b-ffc1-49ca-9376-0762ffcb897b.png)

## Options Menu In-Game
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153266693-86cb45ab-44cb-483d-9b16-e69f6d091aa3.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81195994/153276075-d88f2071-1e89-4572-8abd-b5aab5a051af.png)



# FULL SONG LIST (V11)
#VS WHITTY DEFINITIVE EDITION
- Lo Fight
- Overhead
- Ballistic
- Underground
- Low Rise
- Hungry
- Faucet
# Shaggy Mod (4k Only)
- Eruption
- Kaio Ken
- Blast
- Super Saiyan
- God Eater
- Thunderstorm
- Dissasembler
- Astral Calamity
# Madness Combat Mods
- Accelerant
- Hank Expurgation
- Improbable Outset
- Madness
- Hellclown
- Expurgation
# Zardy Foolhardy
- Foolhardy
- Bushwack
# VS CHEEKY
- Bad Egroll
- Bad Omen
- Bedrock
- Cornucopia
- Cuisine
- Devils Jello
- Fnaf Shuffle
- Hard 2 Break
- Rivals
- Rocky Beats
- Salami Teachings
- Toughstone
# VS IMPOSTOR
- Sussus Togus
- Lights Down
- Reactor
- Ejected
- Sussy Bussy
- Chewmate
- Defeat
# WII DELETED YOU
- Dream Of Pace
- Diagraphephobia
- Post Mortal
- Plaything
- System Failure
# COSMO CALAMITY
- Bad Gateway
- Not Found
- Service Unavailable
# MATT WIIK1 WIIK2
- Light it up
- Ruckus
- Target Practice
- Sporting
- Boxing Match
# HYPNO'S LULLABY
- Left Unchecked
- Monochrome
- Missingno
# GOLD FULL WEEK
- Dead
- Perish
- Slasher
# SUICIDE MOUSE
- Unhappy
- Happy
- Really Happy
- Smile
# VS RETROSPECTER PART 1
- Satisfracture
- Spectral
- Ecsospasm
- Retro
- Fuzzy Feeling
# VS BERZERK
- Vexed
- Devoid
- Berserk
- Error
# SONIC EXE ROUND 2
- Too Slow
- You Cant Run
- Triple Trouble
- Cycles
- Endless
- Sunshine
- Chaos
- Faker
- Black Sun
- Milk
- too fest
# VS CASSETE GIRL
- Ukiyo
- Earworm
- Machina
- City Funk
- Soda Groove
# MADNESS VANDALIZATION
- Vandalize
- Kaboom
- Mag Four
# VS NYAN CAT
- Nyan
- Nyanstep
# ENTITY
- Shotgun Shell
- Parasite
- Godrays
- Promenade
# ANTIPATHY HANK DEMO
- Battered
- Overdrive
# MIKU MOD V2
- Aishite
- Chug
- Dissapearance
- Endless (Miku)
- Endurance
- Infinite
- Loid
- PoPiPo
- Siu
- Voca
# INDIE CROSS
- Snake Eyes
- Sansational
- Last Reel
# VS PSYCHIC
- Psychic
- Wilter
- Uproar
# PLANTS VS RAPPERS
- Bloom n Brainz
- Bad Bash
# BOB ONSLAUGHT
- Ron
- Trouble
- Onslaught
# VS QT
- Censory Overload
- Termination
# HEART ATTACK RAMPAGE
- Tug O War
# Hex Mod Weekend Update
- Glithcer
- Glitcher Remix
- Cooling
- Detected
# TAILS GETS TROLLED
- Talentless Fox
- No Villains
# VS AFLAC
- Loaf
- Blazeborn
- The End
# VS SKY
- Wife Forever
- SKy
- Manifest
# FNF ONLINE CHALLENGES
- Accelerant
- Unloaded
- Challengedd
# FNF ONLINE CHALLENGES (Hard, Fucked)
- Accelerant
- Unloaded
- Challengedd 
# VS TABI
- My Battle
- Last Chance
- Genocide
